# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 26ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 24ms
    [gap of 17ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 76ms
  [gap of 17ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 97ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 26ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 17ms
    [gap of 19ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 71ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 83ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 26ms
    [gap of 16ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 20ms
    [gap of 18ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 81ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 93ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 28ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 18ms
    [gap of 17ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 71ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 82ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 27ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 22ms
    [gap of 19ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 77ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 89ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 40ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 18ms
    [gap of 18ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 85ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 97ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 15ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 16ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 26ms
    [gap of 10ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 19ms
    [gap of 18ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 74ms
  [gap of 12ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 90ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 27ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 17ms
    [gap of 18ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 71ms
  [gap of 10ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 85ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 28ms
    [gap of 10ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 18ms
    [gap of 18ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 74ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 87ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 16ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 18ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 26ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 27ms
    [gap of 17ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 79ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 91ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 27ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 17ms
    [gap of 17ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 70ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 82ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 27ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 17ms
    [gap of 21ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 73ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 86ms

